# Terms and Conditions

## Prohibited Behavior

As a condition of your use of KBase (the DOE Systems Biology Knowledgebase) you agree not to upload any type of human data or personally identifiable information.

> Improper use of KBase, including uploading human data, may result in the termination of KBase access privileges.

## Data Sharing

KBase conforms to the <a href="http://genomicscience.energy.gov/datasharing/">Information and Data Sharing Policy</a> of the Genomic Science Program of the Office of Biological and Environmental Research within the Office of Science. Please see the <a href="/data-policy/">KBase Data Policy page</a> for more information.

## Responsibility for Data

As a condition of your use of KBase you accept sole responsibility for all files you upload or transfer through use of KBase. You recognize and accept that <strong>KBase does not guarantee long-term retention of user uploaded data</strong>, and will not be responsible for any failure to store or transfer, or deletion, corruption or loss for any data, information or content contained in your files. It is strongly recommended that you back up all files prior to using KBase.</p>

## User Agreement

By using KBase, including its websites and services or via published APIs, you are agreeing to the terms stated in our <a href="/user-agreement/">User Agreement</a>. Please read them carefully. They include limitations on what is acceptable user behavior, accountability, availability, data retention, and conditions for account termination. If you do not agree, do not access or use KBase.

## Privacy Policy

KBase is provided as a public service. KBase reserves the right to monitor any and all use of kbase.us. KBase never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to KBase functions. The <a href="/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a> describes the ways KBase collects, stores, uses, discloses and protects the personal information about users and how they use KBase.

## Open Source License

All software developed by the KBase project team, and any contributed by you to KBase, is stored and maintained in the public <a href="https://github.com/kbase" target="_blank">KBase GitHub code repository</a> under <a href="https://github.com/kbase/project_guides/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">the MIT Open Source License</a> (“License”). By contributing to or using KBase, you acknowledge having read and understood the License and agree to abide by it.
